Add markup support (#29)
tc39/proposal-intl-messageformat: README.md

which takes `MessageFunction` function values that are applied when
the annotation's name (without the `:`) corresponds to the `functions` key.

#### Markup

In addition to expressions, placeholders may also be markup;
content corresponding to HTML elements or other markup syntax.
Unlike expressions, markup does not accept a positional input argument
and its resolution is not customizable by the `functions` option.

Markup placeholders take three different forms:

- "standalone" markup for non-textual content such as inline images,
- "open" markup that starts a markup span, and
- "close" markup that end a markup span.

> The syntax used by markup corresponds to that of XML,
> though with `#` as a prefix for "standalone" and "open": `{#img /}`, `{#b}`, `{/b}`.

Author: Would this work?

```suggestion
The syntax used by markup is somewhat similar to that of XML,
though with curly braces `{}` instead of angle brackets `<>` and
with `#` as a prefix for "standalone" and "open": `{#img /}`, `{#b}`, `{/b}`.
```

> though with `#` as a prefix for "standalone" and "open": `{#img /}`, `{#b}`, `{/b}`.

Reviewer: That looks good to me!

and any higher-level validation is the responsibility of the caller.

A markup placeholder cannot be used as a selector.
In `format()`, all markup is effectively ignored, each formatting to an empty string.
In `formatToParts()`, each markup placeholder formats to one part:

```ts
interface MessageMarkupPart {
  type: 'markup';
  kind: 'open' | 'standalone' | 'close';
  source: string;
  name: string;
  options?: { [key: string]: unknown };
}
```

The `type` of the part is always `"markup"`,
and its `kind` is one of `"open"`, `"standalone"`, or `"close"`.
The `name` matches the name of the markup,
without the `#` or `/` prefixes or suffixes.
The `source` matches the `name` of the markup placeholder,
prefixed and suffixed with the appropriate `#` and `/` characters.

The `options` correspond to the resolved literal and variable values
of the options included in the placeholder.
For example, when formatting `{#open foo=42 bar=$baz}` with `formatToParts({ baz: 13 })`,
the formatted part's `options` would be `{ foo: '42', bar: 13 }`.
For options with variable reference values,
if the resolved value is an object with a `valueOf()` method that does not return the object itself,

> the returned value is used.

Reviewer: Could we just say that if the resolved value is an object with a `valueOf()` method, the return value is the result of calling that method?

Author: D'oh, yes.

```suggestion
if the resolved value is an object with a `valueOf()` method, the returned value is used.
```

> The `options` are never included for a "close" markup placeholder,
> as they are only supported for "open" and "standalone".

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The `options` are only supported for "open" and "standalone" markup placeholders and are never included for a "close" markup placeholder.
```

the returned array may include at most one entry,
if one of the keys was an exact string match for the value.

### Message Markup

In addition to standalone annotations such as `:number` and `:string`,
MF2 messages may include expressions that indicate the start/open (`+`) and end/close (`-`) of markup spans,

> such as `+b` or `-link`.

Reviewer: Suggest saying that `+` and `-` are not expected to nest cleanly and so there's no error conditions resulting from their use.

Author: ```suggestion
such as `+b` or `-link`.
Markup expressions are not required to be paired or nest cleanly;
within the formatter each is only considered by itself,
and any higher-level validation is the responsibility of the caller.

```

Unlike standalone annotations,

> the resolution of these expressions cannot be customised.

Reviewer: Suggest saying that this is not customized because of the way they are passed to the host environment.

Author: ```suggestion
the resolution of these expressions cannot be customised;
they are instead included almost directly in the formatted-parts output.
```

the returned array may include at most one entry,
if one of the keys was an exact string match for the value.

### Message Markup

In addition to standalone annotations such as `:number` and `:string`,

> MF2 messages may include expressions that indicate the start/open (`+`) and end/close (`-`) of markup spans,

Reviewer 2: Should this say "annotations" rather than "expressions"?

Author: Actually, the right term here is "placeholder". This is following the terminology proposed in unicode-org/message-format-wg#470, which treats markup as a different thing from expressions.

```suggestion
MF2 messages may include placeholders that indicate the start/open (`+`) and end/close (`-`) of markup spans,
```

such as `+b` or `-link`.

> Markup expressions are not required to be paired or nest cleanly;

Reviewer 2: Likewise here: I could imagine defining a "markup expression" as a function expression whose annotation is a markup annotation, but the document hasn't defined that.

Author: ```suggestion
Markup placeholders are not required to be paired or nest cleanly;
```

within the formatter each is only considered by itself,
and any higher-level validation is the responsibility of the caller.

Unlike standalone annotations,

> the resolution of these expressions cannot be customised;

Reviewer 2: "Expressions" or "annotations"?

Author: ```suggestion
the resolution of these placeholders cannot be customised;
```

they are instead included almost directly in the formatted-parts output.

> A markup element always resolves as:

Reviewer 2: "Element" is a new term here. Would it be correct to say "annotation" instead?

Author: ```suggestion
A markup placeholder always resolves as:
```

```ts
interface MessageMarkup {
  type: 'open' | 'close';
  locale: string;
  source: string;
  name: string;
  options: { [key: string]: unknown };
  toParts(): [MessageMarkupPart];
  toString(): '';
  valueOf?: () => unknown;
}

interface MessageMarkupPart {
  type: 'open' | 'close';
  source: string;
  name: string;
  value?: unknown;
  options: { [key: string]: unknown };
}
```

> A markup expression cannot be used as a selector.
> When formatted to a string, a markup expression is formatted as an empty string.
> The `name` of the `MessageMarkup` matches the name of the annotation,
> without the `+` or `-` prefix.
> If the expression includes an input argument,

Author: ```suggestion
A markup placeholder cannot be used as a selector.
When formatted to a string, a markup placeholder is formatted as an empty string.
The `name` of the `MessageMarkup` matches the name of the annotation,
without the `+` or `-` prefix.
If the placeholder includes an input argument,
```

> A markup expression cannot be used as a selector.
> When formatted to a string, a markup expression is formatted as an empty string.
> The `name` of the `MessageMarkup` matches the name of the annotation,
> without the `+` or `-` prefix.
> If the expression includes an input argument,
> the `valueOf()` method is defined and returns that value,
> and the `source` matches that of the input argument.
> Otherwise, the `source` matches the `name` of the annotation,
> prefixed with the appropriate `+` or `-` character.

Author: ```suggestion
A markup placeholder cannot be used as a selector.
When formatted to a string, a markup placeholder is formatted as an empty string.
The `name` of the `MessageMarkup` matches the name of the annotation,
without the `+` or `-` prefix.
If the placeholder includes an input argument,
the `valueOf()` method is defined and returns that value,
and the `source` matches that of the input argument.
Otherwise, the `source` matches the `name` of the markup placeholder,
prefixed with the appropriate `+` or `-` character.
```
